.TH "BoNeSi" 1
.SH NAME
BoNeSi \- the DDoS Botnet Simulator 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B bonesi
[\fIOPTION\fR]... dst_ip:port
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B BoNeSi
is a DDoS Botnet Simulator for different protocol types.
The attributes of the created packets and connections can be controlled by
several parameters like packet rate or payload size. It spoofs the source IP
addresses even when generating TCP traffic (HTTP-GET attack). Therefor it
includes a simple TCP stack to handle tcp connections in promiscuous mode.
In a working installation, one has to ensure that the response packets from
the server are routed to the
host running BoNeSi. Due to this limitation BoNeSi cannot be used in arbitrary
network infrastructures running HTTP-GET attacks.
The most advanced kind of traffic that can be generated are HTTP requests.
.SH TCP/HTTP
In order to make the http requests more realistic, several things are determined
by chance:
.br
- \fBsource port:\fR out of range defined in code 
.br
- \fBttl\fR: 3..255
.br
- \fBtcp options\fR: out of seven different real life options with different
lengths and probabilities
.br
- \fBuser agent for http header\fR: out of a given list from a file
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-i, \-\-ips\fR=\fIFILENAME\fR
read ip addresses from this file
.TP
\fB\-p, \-\-protocol\fR=\fIPROTO\fR
udp (default), icmp or tcp
.TP
\fB\-r, \-\-send_rate\fR=\fINUM\fR
packets per second, 0 = infinite (default)
.TP
\fB\-s, \-\-playload_size\fR=\fIBYTES\fR
size of the paylod, (default: 32)
.TP
\fB\-o, \-\-stats_file\fR=\fIFILENAME\fR
filename for the statistics, (default: 'stats')
.TP
\fB\-c, \-\-max_packets\fR=\fINUM\fR
maximum number of packets (requests at tcp/http)
.br
0 = infinite (default)
.TP
\fB\-\-integer
IPs are integers in host byte order instead of in dotted notation
.TP
\fB\-t, \-\-max_bots\fR=\fINUM\fR
determine max_bots in the 24bit prefix randomly (1-256)
.TP
\fB\-u, \-\-url\fR=\fIURL\fR
the url (default: '/') (only for tcp/http)
.TP
\fB\-l, \-\-url_list\fR=\fIFILENAME\fR
filename with url list (only for tcp/http)
.TP
\fB\-b, \-\-useragent_list\fR=\fIFILENAME\fR
filename with useragent list (only for tcp/http)
.TP
\fB\-d, \-\-device\fR=\fIDEVICE\fR
network listening device (only for tcp/http)
.TP
\fB\-v, \-\-verbose
print additional debug messages
.TP
\fB\-h, \-\-help
print the help message and exit
.SH EXAMPLES
\fBSend 2 udp packets per second with a payload of 1200bytes to host 192.168.2.1 on port 2405:
.br
\fRbonesi -p udp -s 1200 -r 2 -i 50k-bots 192.168.2.1:2405
.P
\fBSend as many as possible, but only 100 in total udp packets with a payload of 10bytes to host 192.168.2.1 on port 2405:
.br
\fRbonesi -p udp -s 10 -c 100 -i 50k-bots 192.168.2.1:2405
.P
\fBRequest http://192.168.2.1/site.html 1000 times per second via eth1:
.br
\fRbonesi -p tcp -r 1000 -i 50k-bots -u /site.html -d eth1 192.168.2.1:80
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Matthias Reif, Markus Goldstein and Christian Jansohn
.SH REPORTING BUGS
Report bugs to <Markus-Go@users.noreply.github.com>.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright 2008 Deutsches Forschungszentrum fuer Kuenstliche Intelligenz
or its licensors, as applicable.
.P
This is free software. Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
